#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-sse
    #   asyncio-sse
    #   fsspec
aiohttp-sse==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.11.0
    # via optuna
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asyncio-sse
asyncio-sse==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
audioread==3.0.0
    # via librosa
av==10.0.0
    # via faster-whisper
backports-cached-property==1.0.2
    # via pyannote-audio
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via typer
cmaes==0.9.1
    # via optuna
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   tqdm
    #   typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
ctranslate2==3.13.0
    # via faster-whisper
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.3.2
    # via pyannote-audio
faster-whisper==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via openai-whisper
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
flatbuffers==23.5.9
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.3
    # via ffmpeg-python
google-auth==2.18.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.54.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   tensorboard
grpcio-tools==1.54.2
    # via -r requirements.in
hmmlearn==0.2.8
    # via pyannote-audio
huggingface-hub==0.14.1
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.0
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
librosa==0.9.2
    # via torch-audiomentations
llvmlite==0.40.0
    # via numba
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via openai-whisper
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==2.8.8
    # via pyannote-audio
numba==0.57.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   openai-whisper
    #   resampy
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   ctranslate2
    #   hmmlearn
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyannote-audio
onnxruntime==1.14.1
    # via faster-whisper
openai-whisper==20230314
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==3.1.1
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pooch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via pooch
pooch==1.7.0
    # via librosa
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
protobuf==4.23.0
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboard
pyannote-audio==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==4.5
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==4.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==2.3
    # via pyannote-audio
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pyaudio==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeprecate==0.3.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
pygments==2.15.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.4.1
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.6.3
    # via pyannote-audio
pytorch-metric-learning==1.7.3
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
regex==2023.5.5
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
resampy==0.4.2
    # via librosa
rich==13.3.5
    # via typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.26
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   hmmlearn
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   hmmlearn
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==2.13.0
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.0.post1
    # via typer
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via pyannote-core
singledispatchmethod==1.0
    # via pyannote-audio
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.10.3.post1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-audio
speechbrain==0.5.14
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.13
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
ssdpy==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.0
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.3.1
    # via openai-whisper
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via faster-whisper
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   openai-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torch-audiomentations==0.11.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.4
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==0.11.4
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.3.4
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via tensorboard
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
